## Resources
To make your learning process more enjoyable with me, I provide what no other instructors have ever provided. I know this because I studied the market. I took every major online iOS course from every source including Lynda, Treehouse, Udemy, Plusralsite.

Here are a list of resources that differentiate my course from the rest.

1. **HipChat**. Unlike Slack but free for unlimited users. If you don't know HipChat or Slack, it's a group message app. The name of the group is called, `iOS Geek Community`. Feel free to introduce yourself under the `welcome` section. I share articles, updates, and so on. You guys can create your own group. Make sure create a private group so that no other can see the group. We don't want to have too many. By creating a private group, you may form a study group and partners to learn together. Who knows you guys might find great partners. You can find the link right here, and download the app and join for free for unlimited users!

2. **Email list** if you'd like to be on my email which I often give out premium content for free such as this course, upcoming courses for Practical Protocol, Functional, and MVVM. You guys can stay up to date with me. Everyone on the email all have sent me emails to on this email list so I treat them with care and I read and reply to all messages even if you send me a word or two. My principle is that I don't collect your email just to spam or for the sake numbers. I believe in quality over quantity. I believe in long term relationships over short-term sales. If you are interested in, shoot me a quick emailing describing who you are, and I will get you on the list!

3. **Lecture Notes**: This is truly what separates me from the rest instructors out there. I've made an organized online documentation/ebook. This is my script for the beginning and also the conclusion. Lecture notes, and so on. The reason I do this, I understand Swift has iOS has an update every year. In order to be very first person to market, I need stay organized, and also provide consistent value for my students. The reason for you is that It contains source code which has the answers for all the challenges for each lesson. Also very brief explanation that helps you bring back your memory. It could be used as your reference. You'd be surprised how much research and prep go through for each lesson. But, I'm looking for long term, so this way of documenting everything will help me in the future.

4. **Blogs**: I publish one article per week. This is where everything got started. You will find tons of great content that's not covered in this course such as tips and my biased perspectives!
